 The 2018 ‘Eversion Musical’ will mark the fourth edition of Rhyme and Reason since the debut in 2014 which recorded a huge success. The organizers have described ‘Eversion Musical’ as an avenue to
showcase the resplendence of dance, rap and spoken word to the
Nigerian audience through a robust production deeply ingrained in
literature. The show has also been described as a conscious effort
to acquaint and proliferate the general audience with literary
elements. Speaking on the upcoming edition of ‘Eversion Musical’
the show’s founder Atilola Moronfolu “This edition of 'Eversion',
while highly entertaining, is really special – a lot of topics will
be heavily addressed in the performances such as the basis of
morality, social vices, politics, amongst others. The actors have
been rehearsing for months and are ready to deliver a show of a
lifetime so I believe it’s going to be a very interesting
experience.”  The 2018 ‘Eversion Musical’ will mark the fourth
edition of Rhyme and Reason since the debut in 2014 which recorded
a huge success with massive attendance. Reports reveal ‘Eversion
Musical 2018’ will introduce new features/segments of the show; an
attempt to make it an improvement over the previous edition held in
2017. Tickets are available for sale on ariiyatickets.com and
spiricoco.com ; tickets can also be gotten at the venue – Terra
Kulture. Follow the conversation on social; use #Eversion2018 and
#EversionTheMusical Rhyme ‘n’ Reason: 4th edition themed ‘Eversion Musical’ to hold at Terra Kulture